# Agenda

#### Attendance

#### Discuss Future Meeting Plans 
- proposal of a new meeting system

> Minutes
> M: Proose meetings with minutes, agenda, attendance etc reviewing past minutes
> I: explain how minutes and agenda will be used on Git. Explain actions points (things to do for next meeting)
> E: agree

#### Discuss Current Paper Status 
- Update from Marian - current progress and timeline 
> M: Paper progress (editing done for now) on latex file https://www.sharelatex.com/project/57306d9b3b5a39de7e2da8f7?project_name=GeoDiver&user_first_name=ismail.moghul&new_email=m.k.priebe%40se15.qmul.ac.uk&r=68c40fdd&rs=ci

> I: impact factor has gone up for bioinformatics to 5.76
> M: writing style more consistent. need more references 
> I: Linked the share latex file into a github repository

> I: Do we want to provide command line access
> S: It is possible
> I: Would be nice to create a GeoDiver R package. It has been my long term goal...do before publishing?
> N: Many tools have a R package and would increase our chances
> I: who wants to do it?
> N: Me
> S: We might need to change some of the logic for that since we have seperated it into different files
> M: just have to run them as seperate functions
> S: we have to save our data to do that
> I: that can be an argument for the function and we will just have to add documentation
> N: how long will that take?
> S: converting it to a library is a single button but it needs to be tested to see if it is generalisable. Also need to create documentation
> N: people will be busy working on presentation so lets wait 2/3 weks to follow up on this.
> I: lets decide to just do an R package 
> M: before publication?
> I: yes as it can be done quickly while we fix a few other things


> I: Figure in the paper could be a 2x3 grid with our heatmap, volcano plot, bar plot, interaction network and 3D PCA.
> A: I Will do that
> N: Do they all have to be from same dataset?
> M: yes to easier annotate the figure
> I: just send me the images and I will collate them in Illustrator
> M: are you sure we don't want 2D instead of 3D. 3D looks messy on 2D
> I: lets take all images and add rest to supplementary 
> M: can add less to the figure in the paper to just have things that look pretty
> S: might need to take screenshots which include the interactive tooltips. Also  if we do an R package we won't be able to produce our plots as we make json files.
> I: It might be possible in Rstudio by creating an empty index.html or just leave it as is and people deal with the resulting output by themselves
> S: Or creat a wrapper function that creates a normal plot from our output.

- Potential date for meeting with Conrad.

> M: Leave till after presentations
> A: we want to finish our paper before we do that
> S: he is away till 2nd July. but will be back for presentations
#### Any other Business

> S: When do we want to start our supplementary material?
> I: It will just be images of our plots and UI which can be made easily
> S: with descriptions
> I: Just normal captions

#### Action points

> M: annotate where references are needed
> E: read paper for next meeting
